1.            Full legal name of all purchasers (MUST MATCH PHOTO ID INCLUDING
MIDDLE NAMES (IF APPLICABLE) (extra fees will apply should we have to amend
documents):: 
  
2.            Your occupations:
2a. The name, address and phone number of your employer(s):
 
3.            Your phone number and email address:
  
4.            The Completion Date:
  
5.            The purchase price:
  
6.            The address of the property:
  
7.            Do you want to own the property as Joint Tenants and or as Tenants-In-
Common: 
  
For more information between Joint Tenancy and Tenancy In Common, click on the
following link to our blog post: http://www.dbmrealestatelaw.com/joint-tenancy-vs-
tenancy-common/

8a (answer only if you are purchasing USED property).          Are you a first time home
buyer and your purchase price is below $525,000? If yes, please provide the following:
a.         Are you a Canadian Citizen or Permanent Resident?
b.         Have you ever owned a principal residence anywhere in the world?
c.         Have you been a resident of BC for at least a year?
d.         Will you be living in the property within three months?
e.         Date of birth:

f.          Social Insurance Number: and
g.         Previous address for the last two years.
 
8b (answer only if you are purchasing NEW property).          Is your purchase price
below $800,000? If yes, please provide the following:
a.         Are you a Canadian Citizen or Permanent Resident?
b.         Will you be living in the property within three months?
c.         Date of birth:
d.         Social Insurance Number: and
e.         Previous address for the last two years.
 
9.          The name and phone number of your realtor:
  
10.        If you are getting a mortgage, who is the Bank or Mortgage Lender:
  
11.        The name and phone number of your mortgage broker or banker:
  
12.        If it is a strata, the name of the strata management company:
  
13.        If applicable, the parking stall number(s) and storage locker number(s):
  
14.        The name and phone number of your house insurance agent:
 
15.          If you are not moving in, your mailing address:
16.          Will any portion of the property be rented out?
17.          Do you prefer an appointment in Vancouver, Coquitlam or Langley?
18. If not a Canadian Citizen, are you a Permanent Resident?
19. Your SIN (for each purchaser):
20. Date of Birth (Month/Date/Year):
21. If you are not a Canadian Citizen or a Permanent Resident, are you confirmed as
a B.C. Provincial Nominee (if so, we will require a copy of your B.C. Provincial Nominee
confirmation)?
22. If you will need to bring in funds to complete this transaction, please advise where
the funds will be coming from (i.e. savings account, chequing account, Home Equity Line
of Credit, etc).:
23. If coming from your savings or chequing account, where was the funds come from
(i.e. savings, sale of property, gift, etc):
24. If the funds came from someone else who is not a purchaser, please provide the
name, phone number, address and occupation, and relationship of that payer:






company:

Name
Incorporation #
Authourized Signatory - please complete purchase 1 
	Name and number and address - please note we will contact for additional information such as minute book, company share registry, etc



checkbox retired     student    other



Foreign resident


FTHB with link to explanation

Any in the world AND bc res for 1 year only shows if fthb checked



Employment mand
citiz mand



compl date - add choice for TBD

Add prov - default to BC

new used mand

realtor, mortgage lender, ins IF APPLICABLE

list for funds bring in - required by gov bc


will be required to sign particular mortgage docs and attend appt
guarantors full legal name phone relationship to purchaser(s) x4


additional comments







